DOC-6601 TA C20230118 (#16016)
cockroachdb/docs: advisories/c20230118.md

---
title: Technical Advisory C20230118
advisory: C20230118
summary: CockroachDB Cloud users with the Developer role could perform SQL admin-like operations using a specific internal DB Console API
toc: true

> affected_versions: Cockroach Cloud from November 2022 - January 2023

Reviewer: ```suggestion
affected_versions: CockroachDB Cloud from November 2022 - January 2023
```

advisory_date: 2023-01-18
docs_area: releases
---

Publication date: {{ page.advisory_date | date: "%B %e, %Y" }}

## Description

CockroachDB Cloud users that have been granted the [Developer role](../cockroachcloud/console-access-management.html#developer) in a cloud organization could use a specific DB Console API for any cluster in the organization and perform SQL admin-like operations including reading from or writing to any table in the cluster. The mentioned API is not publicly documented and is exclusively used internally by a select set of pages in the CockroachDB Cloud Console that retrieve data by proxying to a cluster’s DB Console. 

> The problem poses a company insider risk within your CockroachDB Cloud organization and increases the probability of data exfiltration by users that have been assigned the Developer role but are not supposed to have pertinent access to data outside of their scope. This applies to any cluster of CockroachDB within a cloud organization, regardless of version. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The problem poses a company insider risk within your CockroachDB Cloud organization and increases the probability of data exfiltration by users that have been assigned the Developer role and are not intended to have access to data outside of their scope. This applies to any cluster of CockroachDB within a cloud organization, regardless of version. 
```
